hey what's up my name is Sean see
welcome to side after you decide because
people wanted and I believe that
everyone can dance not only are you
learning choreography but it's broken
down in steps this is the choreography
in its most basic awesome
side to side take it out very easy now
want you guys to act like you're in a
boat and you're wrong nice and low the
programs for everybody
it's literally for everyone because
every movement that I do you've done
before in your life
all they're gonna do is put these in the
order and I'm actually doing a dance
move it's not about doing push-ups it's
not about doing jumps it's about moving
to the beef you gotta get in it last
time come on y'all live are you ready
here we go
that makes me feel like it's really cool
first thing people say when they say to
you dance I said I can't dance
how do you know because you've never
really tried it it's super fun you kind
of don't even realize you're working out
as you're doing it cuz you're so focused
I mean by the end you're just like I'm
drenched you need a shower and then you
want to come back with it again
these are all things that you've done
with your body before I'm just putting
it to a rhythm so you know exactly how
to do it it's just like you're at the
post office and somebody walks by your
shoulder and you like move you can be
like move move and you're dancing every
day you're dancing you're just gonna
have a beat size will change the way you
work out forever
noticing new cha cha cha
side